
Alright, now we got that out the way, lets double up!
Its your boyfriend, look here, we in the club!
An you tryin to decide whether you gon leave with me
And you dont know because you got your girl witchu
Bring er witchu, bring er witchu! I got a place, she can stay at my crib,
lets go
Step up out the club with a dizzy head I got two chicks both got dizzy legs Im
bout to double up You know Im bout to double up
Hop off in that Phantom with the doors suicide I got a freak in the front and a
freak in the back Im bout to double up An you know Im bout to double up,
double up
I fall through the spot, Kells on the prowl I see these honeys an they
dancin all wild All up on each other, winding, real freaky Im plottin' how
I'm gonna take em home with me
Maybe your cousin, maybe your girlfriend I just wanna get em both up outta
here Fast as I can on them dubs to the crib Start off in my game room, pop a
lil bub
And have em dance for me like they danced in the club Ooh, they so freaky an'
both of em want me Shots of tequila, puff some dro and now they ready
Her girl holla out, Were best friends! And then I holla out, Yall look
like twins! Aint no competition, yall a couple of tens! And then they say,
Kells, tell us what you wan do Well Im about to double up with you and
you
Step up out the club with a dizzy head I got two chicks both got dizzy legs Im
bout to double up (One on each arm) You know Im bout to double up (I keep
one on each arm)
Hop off in that Phantom with the doors suicide I got a freak in the front and a
freak in the back Im bout to double up (One on each arm) An you know Im
bout to double up, double up (I keep one on each arm)
Pimpin dont stop when I walk up in the club See a girl with a girl Im tryna
get a group hug Get em to the hotel, get some hookah Her, her, me, man I just
cant get enough
All up in my tub, suddy, poppin bub "Who is she to you?" and she reply, First
cuz Man, I could tell they so naughty, naughty They way they took me down like
a 40, 40
One in the bed an one in the chair One massage my toes while one braid my hair
In the Prada spotlight two o these player In the car lot like two o these
player
Haters sayin, Damn! How he doin this player? Doublin up for me is like
routine player Ima go get em, mix em up like I'm a dealer Man, threes
company, bitch call me Jack Tripper
Step up out the club with a dizzy head I got two chicks both got dizzy legs Im
bout to double up (One on each arm) You know Im bout to double up (I keep
one on each arm)
Hop off in that Phantom with the doors suicide I got a freak in the front and a
freak in the back Im bout to double up (One on each arm) An you know Im
bout to double up, double up (I keep one on each arm)
Im back up in the VIP in a cloud of smoke Beat poundin' surrounded by all my
folks Gimme another shot, damn the music loud Im about to mix up and blend
in in the crowd
Rip, slip, slide by the danceflo Baby grab me by my hand, say she wanna dance,
oh, oh Is that your girlfriend peepin me out? Sho nuff, it must be cause now
she freakin me out
She get behind a nigga, grindin on a nigger Touchin on me, whisperin in my
ears, damn it sound lovely Im infatuated, we evacuated, now we at the crib
bitch Two for the money thats the life I live
Kiss me, kiss her, now kiss each other Its a trip the way I make these chicks
twist each other Take your shirt off, now Ima take hers off too Its double or
nuttin baby, thats how the boss do
Step up out the club with a dizzy head I got two chicks both got dizzy legs Im
bout to double up (One on each arm) You know Im bout to double up (I keep
one on each arm)
Hop off in that Phantom with the doors suicide I got a freak in the front and a
freak in the back Im bout to double up (One on each arm) An you know Im
bout to double up, double up (I keep one on each arm)
How bout that? Snoop Dogg and Kells We lead the league in this here man, know
what Im talkin bout? Thats 40 toes man, add that up, 40 toes Thats like 20
points and 20 rebounds, thats a double double We double up like that man, me
and West Connec You know what it is, holla back
Uncle Junebug, what up my nigga? I see you Reese, sittin' there all starin an
shit Nigga, Im about to go work out too

