
Damn, this sound real familiar
This sound real familiar
What remix is this? Feeling on yo booty
What remix is this? Feeling on yo booty
What remix is this? Feeling on yo booty Tell me what remix is this? Feeling on
yo booty
V.I.P. wit all ma thugs Hennessey niggas at the club Drop top V. rollin' on
dubs Chicken heads showin' nothin' but love
So much booty Hands in the air like what the awh DJ's say this mix is the cut
'Cuz we be on the flo like we some rugs
Come here girl give daddy a hug Don't play me like I'm one of these scrubs
Girl, if you don't get yo ass up over here And get yo ass in this tub
So much booty See I ain't drunk but I'm real nice High like a real kite Y'all
know this remix is real tight
What remix is this? Feeling on yo booty What remix is this? Feeling on yo booty
What remix is this? Feeling on yo booty What remix is this? Feeling on yo booty

I've gotta whole block over ma crib I'm over by the pool drinking Belvedere
Ain't no haters up in here 'Cuz brought that thang down here
So much booty That's all I see from the front to the rear Socks and house shoes
wit Polo gear 500 to the biggest booty in here
So come here girl give daddy a hug Don't play me like I'm one of these scrubs
Girl, if you don't get yo ass up over here And get yo ass in this tub
So much booty We lookin' down from the hill now Kelly makin' a kill now What's
that I wanna feel now?
What remix is this? Feeling on yo booty What remix is this? Feeling on yo booty
Tell me what remix is this? Feeling on yo booty What remix is this? Feeling on
yo booty
Radio stations, radio stations, radio stations, radio stations You're getting
sleepy, play me DJ's everywhere, DJ's everywhere, DJ's everywhere, DJ's
everywhere Pump it in the clubs everywhere
Feeling on yo booty What remix is this? Feeling on yo booty What remix is this?
Feeling on yo booty Tell me now, what remix is this? Feeling on yo booty
Feeling on yo booty, feeling on yo booty Feeling on yo booty, feeling on yo
booty Feeling on yo booty, feeling on yo booty
Remix baby

