
Baby, I have something that I want to ask you
So sit back and listen
, we are gathered here
To join each other hand in hand
No more playin' house, no 'Cause I wanna make it real, do you understand?
To have and to hold, until death do us part No one, no one could ever Interrupt
the beats of our heart 'Cause this is gonna last
Forever and ever and ever and ever And ever and ever and ever and ever Forever
and ever and ever and ever And ever and ever and ever and ever
Now, there's no one here to speak out And interrupt this ceremony, oh baby,
yeah All you got to do is say you love me Say that you love me and we'll walk
And we will walk down the aisle Watching the people smile Flowers are
everywhere Nothing else can compare
Girl, you've got the kind of love That makes a man like me Wanna settle down A
picket fence and a house, yeah
Forever and ever and ever and ever And ever and ever and ever and ever Forever
and ever and ever and ever And ever and ever and ever and ever
Girl, I'm down on my knees
What's it gonna be? What's it gonna be? What's it gonna be? What's it gonna be?

What's it gonna be? What's it gonna be? What's it gonna be? What's it gonna be?

Baby, you and me Baby, you and me Baby, you and me Baby, you and me
Oh oh, oh oh Oh oh oh oh oh oh oh
Forever, baby, you and me, baby I will be your man, you'll be my lady We'll
walk hand in hand, side by side I will be the perfect groom, you the perfect
bride
Would you just think about it, baby Think about it, baby You and me will be
together, girl Rain, sleet, snow, no matter what the weather
Just think about it, baby Think about it, girl We'll be makin' love for
eternity Raise a family, girl, I'm on my knees sayin'
Marry me (Marry me) Marry me ('Cause I love you, baby) Marry me (There is no
other, baby) Marry me (Oh baby)
Marry me (Said a picket fence) Marry me (Dog and a house) Marry me (About
twelve kids) You cookin' me breakfast in the morning I'm takin' the garbage out

Marry me, marry me Marry me, marry me Marry me, marry me Marry me, marry me
Marry me Marry me Marry me ...

