
Who da fuck can stop us niggaz, it's gangsta niggaz
It's gangsta! Woo! It's gangsta nigga!
All g-g-gangsta nigga, uhh!
Green light, go go, go-go-go, go
Go go, go-go-go, go You got the green light to drag your motherfuckin mink
Green light, go go, go-go-go, go Throw your pinkie ring high in the
motherfuckin air Go go, go-go-go, go Drop your top, c'mon!
Now I done told y'all niggaz once before y'all don't know who you fuckin wit
Y'all gon' fuck around and make me come up out this music biz (Don't make me)
This just a record deal, y'all motherfuckers been on some shit Bite my style,
tryin to get rich, so I decided to flip my shit Bene-fit me like a tight
outfit, like Mr. Biggs' about to have a fit It's, a, bout, to, be, some, shit
(Please believe it)
See vin-dawg, and dre-shal, got a nigga real open y'all I see haters peepin me,
lookin hard like a pussy Same fight, different round, same circus, different
clown Same pussy, different town, assholes how you like me now?
Kel' and Jigga, the best of both niggaz Put two heads together, mean mo'
figures (Ha) Word to Tigger, put me off up in the "Bassment"
With the rest of the rap niggaz, watch ratings get bigger I'm a pimp of this
music, the tracks be my hoes Sisqo, don't make me kick you out like Devoe
Haters left, players right, green light
Go go, go-go-go, go You have the green light to be as pimp as you want to Go
go, go-go-go, go Green light - go go, go-go-go, go Go go, go-go-go, go
Green light, go go, go-go-go, go Go go, go-go-go, go Green light, go go, go-go-
go, go Oh, dis gangsta! Go go, go-go-go, go It's so muh'fuckin gangsta!
Psycho, like no, bitch-ass niggaz Don't wanna see the R.O.C. so you creep low
Shoot from the line like a free throw With this 'nali of mine like a Pi-co
Leave niggaz far behind like a cheap hoe On my grind every time that you see
Hov' Yeah I got it, come and get it, green light go (Go) Red dot I stop ya,
yellow niggaz move slow
Red dot I got 'em, tell that nigga move slow Head shots pop 'em when I let the
uz' go He done told fool Dunn think Dunn loc'in when a gun smokin
Tell Dunn I been gun-totin He don't know he facin death Hockey mask on Jason's
step Don't make me pop past your Raisinette You niggaz cow-ass You bullshit, I
pull shit, and keep a full clip
Go go, go-go-go, go Go go, go-go-go, go Green light, go go, go-go-go, go Go go,
go-go-go, go
Green light, go go, go-go-go, go Go go, go-go-go, go Green light, go go, go-go-
go, go Go go, go-go-go, go

