
What is this news youve got to tell me?
Girl, what has got you so excited?
Why would you call me on my job
When I'm right in the middle of writin?
See you've got this look upon your face Spit it out girl I just cannot wait To
get whatever it is up out of you So tell me girl, what it do?
I'll give you a hint, it crawls fore it walks In a couple of years it begins
to talk And it makes us so happy Girl, are you tellin' me?
I'm havin a baby Oh, Im so happy I'm havin a baby And Im so glad to be that
baby's daddy
I'm havin a baby A little girl, a little boy, a little you, a little me I'm
havin a baby Girl, it doesn't matter as long as it's healthy
While I can't believe I'm gonna be a father In nine months a child will be born
Baby, youre pregnant in April Which means we're havin a Capricorn
I'm so glad to be a part of this Cause girl a child is heaven sent This is a
blessing to me To have you with my seed
I'm havin a baby Girl, Im so glad that I'm havin a baby And Im so proud to
be that baby's daddy
I'm havin a baby A little girl, a little boy, a little you, a little me I'm
havin a baby Girl, it doesn't matter just as long as it's healthy
Girl, you got me starin at you from head to toe When I look at you, it's like
you've got this glow So much respect Ive got for you Girl, since youve told
me this good news
Ever since you told me I love you more Girl, what I feel is so spiritual And
baby our lives has been changed Now I want you to have my last name!
I'm havin a baby Girl, Im so glad I'm havin a baby And Im so proud to be
that baby's daddy
I'm havin a baby Said, a little boy, a little girl, a little you, a little me
I'm havin a baby Girl, it doesn't matter And now here it is nine months later
I'm havin a baby (Push) I want you to (Push) I need ya to (Push) Come on baby
(Push) Push!
I'm havin a baby (Push) Push (Push) I'm right here (Push) Hold my hand (Push)
I'm havin a baby (Push) Baby push (Push) Breathe! (Push) Youre almost there
(Push)
I'm havin a baby (Push) I love ya (Push) Push (Push) Push (Push)
I'm havin a baby (Push) Hey! Girl, I can see it (Push) It's like a dream
(Push) A miracle (Push) A child unto me
I'm havin a baby (Push) A baby boy (Push) A Robert Jr. (Push) Thank you God
(Push)
I'm havin a baby

