
This is for the playas in the club,chilling with the shawties in the club. X2
Plies talikng
Ey kell for some reason this fell real special. You know your little homie
Plies dont buy shawty.
Shawty got what it takes to make me love her.
Take her out and spend money on her. So when you see me in a club and she's
next to me. Keep walking cause you know she's right next to me. I'm with her
and now you trying to brush up on me. You'r not gonna make me disrespect my
shawty.
I bought sand to the beaching it's all good. Got that Bentley like a cabin all
wood. When and got that her faded looking hollywood. And though I look
hollywood and im still hood. And i got my shawty next to me she's so fly.
Anytime im ready to roll she gon ride. She got the best of me i can't lie.
Anything my shawty need im gon buy. In the mawar getting lower. Its the mawar
wanna show her. And then im that thug in her life. And i stay in her life. Live
for her life and i die for her life. And even though these other chiks flirt
with me. My shawty ain't tripping when they flirt with me. So don't be hatting
when you see us in the club. Kissing in the club.
Shawty got what it takes to make me love her. Take her out and spend money on
her. So when you see me in a club and she's next to me. Keep walking cause you
know she's right next to me. I'm with her and now you trying to brush up on me.
You'r not gonna make me disrespect my shawty.
This is plies baby let me talk to them baby. I fucked with her hard while she
my raw pike. And if you dont know what that is sex with no plastic. enough look
me tonight i might ask her to marry me. Then ask her just this time people
ain't laughing. She talk with her eye. Getting with that ass. I love about her
she make love with so much passion. Ain't like these other bros she got her own
fashion.  Every nigga want her dog but ain't tripping. Before she goes to the
club she ask my permission. Bless her every morning with all my kisses. My roll
sample fulfill all her wishes. [ From: http://www.metrolyrics.com/playaz-in-da-
 Probably call her my shawty she earn that position.
When she calling me with her bra i listen. Filled a void in her life im what
she's what missing. First time in a bed i handle my business. Must left hell of
a impression i see her again
i see you looking at me mamma sex in your eyes. She see your looking at me
mamma she ain't blind. And i admit im looking back cause you'r so fine. But
believe me lil mama now is not the time. Cause im with my girl.Cause its about
my girl. in VIP with my girl. And we are in our world. Man I admit she got a
playa in love. Tonight i ain't a thug im a eagle with a dove. And even though i
wanna hit that big ole. Thinking to myself my girl gotta big ole. Can't keep my
fingers off her i call her my piano. She keep it real like pepper mill and
pickel. Off in the bentley man we swerving. Pull the car over she early. Lil
mama hood and i like her sex. So show us respect.
Shawty got what it takes to make me love her. Take her out and spend money on
her. So when you see me in a club and she's next to me. Keep walking cause you
know she's right next to me. I'm with her and now you trying to brush up on me.
You'r not gonna make me disrespect my shawty.
see me in a club with her don't do that. If you see me at the mall with her
don't do that. Hommie if you see us swolling in the drop don't do that.  Girl
keep it going dont stop dont do that. Even if you know me don't do that. Act
like you don't know me don't do that. Don't you be on that bullshit. Cause it's
gonna be bullshit.

Shawty got what it takes to make me love her. Take her out and spend money on
her. So when you see me in a club and she's next to me. Keep walking cause you
know she's right next to me. I'm with her and now you trying to brush up on me.
You'r not gonna make me disrespect my shawty.
Kells plies. We got another one i like it. This is for the playas in the
club,chilling with the shawties in the club. X2
