
Ooh, ooh, ooh
Ahh, ahh, ahh
Uhh, uhh, uhh
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Ooh, ooh, ooh Ahh, ahh, ahh Yeah, yeah, yeah Mmm, mmm, mmm
In the Playa's Club, checkin' at your body, baby Steadily tossin' that cash
flow, baby 'Cause you drive me crazy, won't you be my lady?
Betcha, I can make your body talk to me, talk to me All I need is my CD, bag of
weed and some Cristie Then I'm gonna stroke you up and down, messin' with your
head And when you leave up out my room, you'll be walkin' bow leg
I can keep your body comin' like CTA You're dealin' with a true baller, baby
Givin' you the keys to my Mercedes
Not gonna stop till you scream my name And say, "Ooh Kelly, you make me holla"
Keep on jumpin' like an Impala You slidin' that sexy ass down the pole like
what (What, what, what) Come and get some of this, R&B thug, baby
I'm just an R&B thug, babe Tryin' to get some ass, babe Do you wanna thug,
babe? (You wanna R&B thug?) I'm just an R&B thug, babe Lookin' for some love,
babe Do you wanna date, babe?
You're gonna trip, gonna trip Gonna trip, gonna trip, gonna trip When I show
you my love Jones, babe Make the room go black
Baby girl, keep your body right there I'm gonna sock it to you baby I wanna
hear you say yeah, yeah And the sign of the knob says privacy, you and me On
the low, fruit bowls and whipped cream
We can get up on a fancy suite Thugged out with some Hennessey See, see, see
Lock your body up and throw away the key
Not gonna stop till you scream my name And say, "Ooh Kelly you make me holla"
Keep on jumpin' like an Impala You slidin' that sexy ass down the pole like
what (What, what, what) Come and get some of this R&B thug, baby
I'm just an R&B thug, babe Tryin' to get some ass, babe Do you wanna thug,
babe? (Would you like some of this R&B thug?) Just an R&B thug, babe Lookin'
for some love, babe Do you wanna date, babe?
Now feel a knot down in my pants While you breakin' me off with a lap dance,
baby Said it's getting me high, it's got me feelin' hazy I'm goin' around your
body like a worldwide tour Make you say toot toot, beep beep Pull up to my
bumper, baby
Not gonna stop till I hear you call my name And say, "Ooh Kelly, you make me
holla" Keep on jumpin' like an Impala You slidin' that sexy ass down the pole
like what (What, what, what) Come and get some of this R&B thug
I'm just an R&B thug, babe Tryin' to get some ass, babe Do you wanna thug,
babe? (Do you wanna R&B thug?) I'm just an R&B thug, babe Lookin' for some
)
I'm just an R&B thug, babe Tryin' to get some ass, babe Do you wanna thug,
babe? I'm just an R&B thug, babe Lookin' for some love, babe Do you wanna date,
babe?
Now if you're horny say Ooh, ooh, ooh Aah, aah, aah And if you want it say Say,
yeah, yeah, yeah
Ooh, ooh, ooh Aah, aah, aah What? Yeah, yeah, yeah Huh, mmm, mmm, mmm
Now if you're horny say Ooh, ooh, ooh Aah, aah, aah Ladies, if you want it, say
Uhh, uhh, uhh
Say yeah, yeah, yeah Ooh, ooh, ooh Aah, aah, aah What? Yeah, yeah, yeah What?
Mmm, mmm, mmm Just an R&B thug, baby
I'm just an R&B thug, babe Tryin' to get some ass, babe Do you wanna thug,
babe? (Do you wanna R&B thug?) I'm just an R&B thug, babe Lookin' for some

I'm just an R&B thug, babe Tryin' to get some ass, babe Do you wanna thug,
babe?

