
Do I know your friend who? At a club?
Who was there? Girl, I wouldn't
Wait a minute, calm down, I was at a club with who?
Get tha fuck, man, you know what?
Girl, I'm not about to sit up here and argue with you About who's to blame or
call no names, real talk See girl, only thing I'm tryin' to establish with you
is not Who's right or who's wrong But what's right and what's wrong, real talk
Just because your friend say She saw me at a club with some other bitches
Sittin' in VIP, smokin' and drinkin' And kickin' it, tell me, girl
Did she say there were other guys there? Did she say there were other guys
there? Were there other guys there? Well, tell me this
How the fuck she knew I was with them other girls then When the whole club
packed? Wait a minute, let me finish what I've got to say
I've been with you five years And you listenin' to your motherfuckin'
girlfriends I don't know why you fuck with them old jealous No man havin' ass
hoes anyway, real talk
Alway accusin' me of some old bullshit When I'm just tryin' to have a good time
Robert, you did this, Kells, I heard you did that Don't you think I got enough
bullshit on my mind, real talk
Hold, hold up Didn't I just give you money to go get your hair Toes and nails
done the other day, hmm? Yeah, your ass was smilin' then, real talk
Gave who some damn money? I ain't gave nobody no damn money, girl, is you
tweakin'? You see what your problem is You're always runnin' off at the mouth
Tellin' your girls your motherfuckin' business
When they don't eat with us, they don't sleep with us Besides, what they eat
don't make us shit, real talk You called my momma's house and what? Girl, my
momma ain't gotta screen no calls for me, real talk And watch your mouth, fuck
me? Girl, fuck you!
I don't give a fuck about what you're talkin' about I'm sick of this bullshit,
I'm comin' home And gettin' my shit and gettin' the fuck up outta Dodge You
ain't gotta worry about me no more
And the next time your ass get horny Go fuck one of your funky ass friends Hell
yeah, you probably already doin' that shit anyway You gonna burn what? Bitch, I
wish you would burn my motherfuckin' clothes
With your triflin' ass, Milton, you bogus girl, Milton Start your car, warm it
up and get ready to take me home This bitch done lost her motherfuckin' mind

