
Yo Ush
What up Kells?
Wanna introduce you to this girl
Think I really love this girl
Yeah?
Man, she so fine Straight up dawg She stand about 54 Coca-Cola red bone Damn!

She drive a black Durango Mmm License plate say Angel What? Tattoo on her
ankle Plus shes makin pesos
Got a crib on Peace Street Peace Street? Right on 17th street Huh? And I call
her TT Wait a minute, hold on dawg!
Do she got a kid? Yep She love some Waffle House? Yep Do she got a beauty mark
On her left side of her mouth? Man!
Went to Georgia Tech Yep Works for TBS Yep Man, I cant believe this chick,
damn mmm
Tell me whats wrong dawg, what the hell you damnin about? Im your homie so
just say whats on your mind Man, I didnt know that you were talkin bout her
So man, you tellin me you know her? Do I know her? Like a pastor know his word

We messin with the same girl, the same girl How could the love of my life and
my potential wife Be the, the same girl, the same girl? Man, I cant believe
that we been messin With the same girl, the same girl Thought she was someone
I could trust But shes been doublin' up with us U, K, man we been messin with
the same girl
See I met her at this party in Atlanta! Well I met her at this party in
Chicago! She came right up to me, givin me conversation I said, Do you got a
man? she said no with no hesitation Well it must be a music thing cause she
said the same to me At a party all in my face, while Im laughin and buyin
her drinks
She whispered in my ear, said, Can you take me home? Me too! Man, she was in
the Chi singin that same song! Is that true?! And I thought it was true
confessions then she said I love you
Man I thought her body was callin' when she said I want you! Look I even got
some pictures on my phone Look at there, there she is with some boy shorts on
We messin with the same girl, the same girl Shes the apple of my eye and my
potential wife The same girl, the same girl Man, I just cant believe that we
been messin round With the same damn girl The same girl, the same girl
Thought she was someone I could trust But shes been doublin' up with both of
us U, K, man we been messin with the same girl
Said she got me on her ringtone Are you talkin bout the pink phone? Mm mmm,
the blue one Man, she told me that was turned off Its obvious that she been
playin us, playin us Ush constantly shes been lyin to us, lyin to us
Dont like the way that shes been goin bout it, goin bout it Kells, what
you think that we should do about it, do about it? Call her up at her home, she
wont know Im on the phone Yeah man thats the lick, homie we about to bust
this trick Man just ask her to meet up with you and Im gonna show up too And
she won't know what to do we'll be standin there singin
The same girl, the same girl Shes was the apple of my eye and your potential
wife The same girl, the same girl I cant believe that we been messin with the
same girl The same girl, the same girl Shes gon be lookin so stupid when see
us together U, K, man weve been messin with the same girl
See, she was taken flights, movin back and forth (The same girl, the same
girl) I would pick her up at the airport Man, I really cant believe it (The
same girl, the same girl) I cant believe it, no (The same girl, the same girl)


