
this song goes out
to all the people out there, that be running their mouth
and they don't know what the hell they saying
shut up!
now that i've got my voice back, let me start off by saying that i appreciate
the fans around the world that have my back and i just wanna thank god upstairs
for keeping his hands on me and keeping all the doctors focused through my
surgery. now, there's a couple of things, i gotta get off my chest some serious
issues that i must address so, well let's just get it right through it people
say that i was gone say there was no way this time he's gonna overcome and even
before, the doctors was done, and i could awake soon & my career away! after
twenty two years of a bless career they had me lying in my hospital bed crying
mad tears, uhu but just as i had many people hatin' me, had so many people
loving me and not forget the hood around the world covering me to everybody
that be calling me well, telling me what they be saying about me well, bringing
me all this negative shit& yal the ones i ain't fuckin with it's time for me to
evaluate, oh, oh people that i let up in my space can i get a witness for all
of this, when people all up in your business
chorus: tell 'em, shut up, tell 'em shut up tell 'em shut up, tell 'em shut up
i'm talking to you! tell 'em shut up, tell 'em shut up tell 'em all shut up!
tell 'em all shut up! tell 'em! i'm talking to you!
he's washed up, he's lost it! he ain't got no more well i'm here to tell you
today boy, you haters are so slow! and it sadness me to know some of yal want
me to go away when it's time for me to go [ From: http://www.metrolyrics.com/
 my god is gonna orchestrate it all  until then
i'm gonna accept the stones praying, just try to get along but sometimes is so
hard for me to be strong see, i got kids and i'm trying to love 'em, so many
things i'm trying juggle but i never thought this music would become my
struggle, oh!
and who said i lost my house, my own people put me down and my friends no
longer around, no! but you see deep underneath the surface i feel something is
working in my behalf a victory is near! see, my future ain't my past it's not
the end of the hour glass, who said it would not last& i'm sick o' their ass
chorus: tell, shut up, tell 'em shut up tell 'em shut up, tell 'em shut up i'm
talking to you! tell 'em shut up, tell 'em shut up tell 'em all shut up! tell
'em all shut up! tell 'em! i'm talking to you!
now seriously, after all these hits and melodies, and memories you compare me
to someone else! OMG!  no offence to the other artists, but come one dawg,
let's be honest, how many babies have been made of me? OMG!   seriously? you
gonna act like that? sitting there like it ain't no truth to that? looking at
me like it ain't talking stats OMG!  every boy, every girl, every child around
the world from the 90s up until the day they all free
chorus: shut up, shut up, shut up i'm talking to you! shut up, shut up, shut up
all my life, oh! i'm talking to you!... just shut up, shut up, shut up!
