
Slow dance
(Slow dance)
I just wanna slow dance with you
Slow dance
(Slow) Oh, oh, oh, oh
Hey Mr. D. J., why dont you slow this party down? (Slow it down) The ladies in
here are fly (Cuties go by) And theres one whos caught my eye (One whos
caught my eye)
I wanna pull her close to me (Pull her close to me) And whisper sweet things in
her ear, oh, yeah Cause tonight Im full of fire, baby, oh, yeah (Full of
fire) And youre the only one my heart desires, baby, woo
(Youre the only one I wanna slow dance with) (Girl I wanna slow dance) Girl,
youre the only one Hey Mr. D. J., why dont you slow this party down?
(Youre the only one I wanna slow dance with) Ooh, let the record spin Now
baby, take my hand, ho, oh, oh (I just wanna slow dance)
Let the music play (Let the music play) Cause I wanna get it on, oh, oh Put
your arms around me, baby, ooh, yeah (Arms around me) And lets start a slow
grind, grind
Im gonna rock and roll and rock it all night long, baby, baby What youre
giving me is a feeling so strong, so strong Feel my nature rise, girl (Feel my
nature rise) Im gonna make you feel good tonight, youre the only one
I wanna slow dance with you, baby (Youre the only one I want to slow dance
with) (I just wanna slow dance) D. J. let the record spin around real nice and
slow, yeah
Baby, lets slow dance right now (Youre the only one I want to slow dance
with) (I just wanna slow dance with you) All you gotta do is take my hand and
let me, woo
(Let me lead you to the middle of the floor) Ooh, baby Ill put my arms around
you slow (Ill put my arms around you and I wont let go slow)
I wanna slow dance with you, baby, with you and only you (Youre the only one I
want to slow dance with) (I just wanna slow dance) Hey girl, come and take my
hand run and tell the D. J. (Youre the only one I want to slow dance with) (I
just wanna slow dance with you) To put a nickel on the needle so the record
wont budge
See, its one oclock in the morning (Youre the only one I want to slow dance
with) (I just wanna slow dance) And the partys just beginnin, yeah And I
wanna slow dance with you, baby, before the night is through
(Youre the only one I want to slow dance with) See, Ive been watchin you (I
just wanna slow dance with you) And I know youve been watching me too

