
Seven o'clock in the evening
Watchin somethin' stupid on TV
I'm zoned out on the sofa
When my wife comes in the room and sees me
And she says, Is this 'Behind the Music' With Lynyrd Skynyrd?" And I say, "I
don't know, say, it's gettin' late What cha wanna do for dinner?
She says, "I kinda had a big lunch So I'm not super hungry" I said, "Well you
know, baby I'm not starvin' either but I could eat"
She said, "So what do you have in mind?" I said, "I don't know, what about
you?" She says, "I don't care, if you're hungry let's eat" I said, "That's what
we're gonna do!"
"But first you gotta tell me What it is you're hungry for!" And she says, "Let
me think What's left in our refrigerator?"
I said, "Well, there's tuna, I know" She said, "That went bad a week ago!" I
said, "Is the chili okay?" She said, "You finished that yesterday!"
I hopped up and I said, "I don't know Do you want to get something delivered?"
She's like, "Why would I want to eat liver? I don't even like liver!"
I'm like, "No, I said 'delivered' " She's like, "I heard you say liver!" I'm
like, "I should know what I said" She's like, "Whatever, I just don't want any
liver!"
Well, I was gonna say something But my cell phone started to ring Now who could
be callin' me? Well I checked my caller ID
It was just cousin Larry callin' For the third time today My wife said, "Let it
go to voicemail" I said, "Okay"
"Where were we? Oh, dinner, right So what do you wanna do?" She said, "Why
don't you whip up somethin in the kitchen?" "Yeah?" I said, "Why don't you?"
And then she says "Baby, can't we just go out to dinner, please?" I says no,
she says yes, I says no, she says yes I says no, she says yes, oh, here's your
keys"
I step a little bit closer Say, "Okay, where ya wanna go?" She says, "How about
The Ivy?" I said, "Yeah, well I don't know"
I don't feel like, gettin all dressed up And eatin' expensive food She's
says, "Olive Garden?" I say, "Nah, I'm not in the mood
And Burrito King would make me gassy There's no doubt" She says, "Just forget
about it" I said, "No, I swear I'm gonna take you out!"
Then I get an idea I say, "I know what we'll do!" She says, "What?" I say,
"Guess" She says, "What?" I say, "We're goin' to the drive-thru!"
So we head out the front door Open the garage door Then I open the car doors
And we get in those car doors
Put my key in the ignition And then I turn it sideways Then we fasten our seat
belts As we pull out the driveway
Then we drive to the drive-thru Heading off to the drive-thru We're approaching
the drive-thru Getting close to the drive-thru
Almost there at the drive-thru Now we're here at the drive thru Here in line at
the drive-thru Did I mention the drive-thru?
Well, here we are in the drive-thru line Me and her Cars in front of us, cars
in back of us All just waiting to order
There's some idiot in a Volvo With his brights on behind me I lean out the
window and scream "Hey, what cha tryin to do, blind me?"
My wife says, "Maybe we should park We could just go eat inside" I said, "I'm
wearin' bunny slippers So I ain't leavin' this ride"
Now a woman on a speaker box Is sayin', "Can I take your order, please?" I
said, "Yes indeed, you certainly can We'd like two hamburgers with onions and
cheese"
Then my wife says "Baby, hold on, I've changed my mind! I think I'm gonna have
a chicken sandwich Instead this time"
I said, "You always get a cheeseburger!" She says, "That's not what I'm hungry
for" I put my head in my hands and scream "I don't know who you are anymore!"
The voice on the speaker says "I don't have all day!" I said, "Then take our
order And we'll be on our way!
"I wanna get a chicken sandwich And I want a cheeseburger too" She's like, "You
want onions on that?" I'm like, "Yeah, I already said that I do
Plus we need curly fries And don't you dare forget it And two medium root
beers No, just one, we'll split it"
Then I said, "I'm guessin' that You're probably not too bright So read me back
my order Let's make sure you got it right"
She says, "One, you want a chicken sandwich Two, you want a cheeseburger Three,
curly fries and a large root beer" "Stop, don't go no further!"
"I never ordered a large root beer I said medium, not large!" Then she says,
"We're havin' a special I super-sized you at no charge"
"Oh" And that's all I could say was "oh" And she says, "Now theres somethin'
else That I really think you should know
You can have unlimited refills For just a quarter more" I say, "Great, except
we're in the drive-thru So what would I want that for?"
Then she says, "Wait a minute Your voice sounds so familiar, hey, is this Paul?
And my wife is all like, "No, that ain't Paul Now tell me, who's this Paul?
She says, "Oh, he's just some guy Who goes to school with me I sat behind him
last year And I copied off of him in Geometry
I said, "I know a guy named Paul He used to be my plumber He was prematurely
bald And he moved to Pittsburgh last summer
He also had bladder problems And a really bad infection on his toe" And she
says, "Mister, please, you can stop right there That's way more than I needed
to know!"
And then we both were quiet And things got real intense And then she says,
"Next window please, That'll be five dollars and eighty two cents"
So we inched ahead in line Movin' painfully slow I got a little bored So I
turned on the radio
Click, turned it off Because my wife was getting a headache So we both just sat
there quietly For her sake
Then I looked at her And she looked back at me And I said, "Um I think you have
somethin' in your teeth"
She turned away from me And then turned back and said, "Did I get it?" I said,
"Yeah, well, I mean, most of it But hey, ya know, don't sweat it"
Then she said, "How about now?" I said, "Yeah, almost There's still a little
bit there but don't worry It's probably just a piece of toast"
Now we're at the pay window Or whatever you call it Put my hand in my pocket I
can't believe there's no wallet!
And the lady at the window's like "Well well well, that'll be five eighty-two"
I turn around to my wife and say "How much have you got on you?"
She just rolls her eyes and says "I'll pay for this I guess" So she reaches
into her purse And busts out the American Express
I hand it to the lady And she says, "Oh dear It's gotta be cash only We don't
take credit cards here"
I took back the card and said "Gee, really? Well that sucks!" And that's when I
found out My wife was only carryin' three bucks
I said, "I thought you were Going to hit the ATM today" She says, "I never got
around to it So where's your wallet anyway?
And I said, "Nevermind Just help me to find some change" Now the lady at the
window Is looking at me kinda strange
And she says, "Mister, please We gotta move this line along" I said, "Now hold
your stinkin' horses lady We won't be long"
So I looked around inside the glove box And checked the mat beneath my feet I
found a nickel in an ashtray And a couple pennies and a dime in the space
between the seats
Before long I had a little pile Of coins of every sort The lady counts it up
and says "You're still about a dollar short"
And now my woman's got this weird look Frozen on her face She screams, "You
know I wasn't even really hungry in the first place"
And so I turned around To the cashier again I shrugged and said, "Okay Forget
the chicken sandwich then"
So I pick up my change Pick up my receipt And I drive to the pickup window Man,
I just can't wait to eat
And now we see this acne ridden Kid about sixteen Wearin' a dorky nametag that
says "Hello, my name is Eugene"
And he hands me a paper bag I look him in the eyes And I say to him "Hey,
Eugene Could I get some ketchup for my fries?"
Well he looks at me And I look at him And he looks at me And I look at him
And he looks at me And I look at him And he says, "I'm sorry What did you want
again?"
I say, "Ketchup!" And he says, "Oh yeah, that's right I just spaced out there
for a second I'm really kind of burnt tonight"
And then he hands me the ketchup And then we're finally drivin' away And the
food is drivin' me mad With its intoxicating bouquet
I'm starvin' to death By the time we pull up at the traffic light I say, "Baby,
gimme that burger I just gotta have a bite!"
So she reaches in the bag And pulls out the burger And she hands me the burger
And I pick up the burger
And then I unwrap the paper I bite into those buns And I just can't believe it
They forgot the onions!

