
Rock on
Come on, come on, come on
Come on, come on, come on
Chillin' at the club
Showing niggas how we ball Ever since the drought It's been nothing but the
trump
Can you really blame me for getting these G's Something I don't understand why
you fools after me? V.I.P., got the haters after me 'cuz I push these V's They
wanna be like me If you agree then raise the roof with me In the party place to
be living V.I.P.
Since when did money, oh Become such a problem I just wanna live a life That
only involve the numbers, yeah
Can you really blame me for getting these G's See what I can't understand why
you fools don't rock with me? V.I.P., I got the haters after me because I push
these V's They wanna be like me If you agree then raise the roof with me In the
party place to be living V.I.P.
Ha ha, nothing but the Stretch Bentleys with the top thats drop, that's right
Kelly C.D.'s with the sound that knocks And di di di di di di di, when the
party rocks Fingers to the wrist filled with nothin' but rocks And I know you
haters wanna come to Rockland's party But you can't get in unless you V.I.P.
Can you really blame me for getting these G's See what I can't understand why
you fools are after me? Livin' V
So if you're ballin' and you know it, raise your hands And if you sexy and you
know it, stomp your feet And if your man ain't spendin' money on you Then
ladies, you can come and get with me Livin' V
Yo, uh huh, wish I could call up all the haters I mean, I wish I could make a
phone call To all the haters around the world You know what I'm saying? This is
what I'd say What's goin' on in the world today, huh? Seems like every nigga
got beef 'cuz they ain't got steak When I ain't had no money see, everything
was cool But now that I got a little money and y'all wanna act a fool And none
of 'em V.I.P.
V.I.P., I got the haters after me because I push these V's They wanna be like
me If you agree and raise the roof with me In the party place to be living
V.I.P.
V.I.P., I got the haters after me because I push these V's They wanna be like
me

