
My body's callin' for you
Said your body's callin' for me
My body's callin' (for you)
Girl I know you want me
My body's callin' for you  Said your body's callin' for me  My body's callin'
(for you)  Girl I know you want me
Verse 1
I can tell by the way you flex, that you're horny, hey Ain't no sense in
beatin' round the bush Tell me you want me (you know you want it) So stop
stalling baby, c'mon in this room yeah Close the door behind ya, mmm,  Lay your
body right next to Mr. Bump n' grind ya, mm mm Here I am, lookin at you from
head to toe, mm So don't you have no fear, listen, do you hear what I hear lady

Chorus
My body's callin' for you  Said your body's callin' for me  My body's callin'
(for you) Girl I know you want me My body's callin' for you  Said your body's
callin' for me  My body's callin' for you Girl I know you want me
Aaliyah break it down
Verse 2
Boy my body's callin' you so do what you've gotta do (oh yeah) Are you hungry
(yes I'm hungry baby) Do you wanna eat? (Oh) I said my body's callin' for you
(here I come runnin' to save you So put this remix to ya ear and tell me, do
you hear what I hear)
Chorus [ From: http://www.metrolyrics.com/your-bodys-callin-his-hers-f-aaliyah-
 My body's callin' for you Said your body's callin' for me
My body's callin' (for you) Girl I know you want me My body's callin'for you
Said your body's callin' for me  My body's callin'for you
Say you want some R to the K to the E to the L-L to the Y
Here I come runnin' to save you You cute little jazzy thang you Said your
body's calling me Baby I can hear (Your body's callin', distant lover I will be
right here. So have no fear) Have no fear, have no fear, no fear (Your body's
callin', distant lover I will be right here. So have no fear) So don't you have
no fear. Lady, I can hear your body callin (Your body's callin', distant lover
I will be right here. So have no fear) Don't you have no fear, cause I'm gonna
be right here
You see I'm wise enough to know when a body's callin' me, yes I am So here I am
to save you in your sexual time of need baby, whoo So many miles away. Hear it
mornin', noon or night or day yeah Now here I am to satisfy your every little
need, yeah From 1 to 12 tell me what you want from me Don't you hesitate baby,
don't be afraid of me no Because your wish, is my will So speak now and tell
the truth Where is it mostly wet at baby? And R. Kelly to the rescue
(spoken) Yeah, as you can see I'm off on some sexual Shhhhhh so give me a hug,
c'mon give me hug So what's up? Your man here or somethin? Why you can't dance
no closer than that? Damn




